Adds Documentation for Config Service and adapts Configuration Wiki (#84)
eclipse-basyx/basyx-wiki: docs/source/content/developer_documentation/basyx_go/configuration_service/execution-flow.md

# Execution Flow

## Startup Lifecycle

> The service lifecycle is deterministic and short-lived:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service lifecycle is deterministic and runs before the BaSyx services start:
```

1. Parse command-line flags.
2. Create an empty `ExecutionContext`.
3. Create a `SchemaInitializer`.
4. Register sequences in the intended execution order.
5. Execute all sequences sequentially.
6. Close the database handle.
7. Exit with status `0` on success or status `1` on failure.

## Current Registered Order

The service currently registers:

1. `DatabaseConnection`
2. `SystemTable`
3. `SchemaUpload`

> 4. `SchemaPatch` for `101.sql` targeting `v1.0.1`

Reviewer: Please add definitions/descriptions for those in `architecture.md`

    participant Upload as SchemaUpload
    participant Patch as SchemaPatch
    participant PG as PostgreSQL

    Main->>Init: Register sequences
    Main->>Init: Execute()
    Init->>DB: Execute(1)
    DB->>PG: Connect and ping
    DB-->>Init: ctx.DB populated
    Init->>System: Execute(2)
    System->>PG: Acquire advisory lock
    System->>PG: CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS basyxsystem
    System->>PG: INSERT v1.0.0 if no row exists
    System->>PG: Release advisory lock
    Init->>Upload: Execute(3)
    Upload->>PG: Acquire advisory lock
    Upload->>PG: Check base schema marker tables
    alt Base schema missing
        Upload->>PG: Execute base.sql
    else Base schema present
        Upload-->>Init: Skip upload
    end
    Upload->>PG: Release advisory lock
    Init->>Patch: Execute(4)
    Patch->>PG: Acquire advisory lock
    Patch->>PG: Read basyxsystem.database_version
    alt Current version lower than target
        Patch->>PG: Begin transaction
        Patch->>PG: Execute patch SQL
        Patch->>PG: Commit transaction
    else Current version equal or newer
        Patch-->>Init: Skip patch
    end
    Patch->>PG: Release advisory lock
    Init-->>Main: Success or error

> ```

Reviewer: Add a hint that this is an example where only the path 1.0.1 exists. Otherwise a loop would have to be put in the sequence diagram at the bottom
